whats up youtube so i know i have not
been on this thing in like forever but
more ways than me officially was not
waving anymore because I've been too
damn busy to be in my head like that you
know burstein I don't have time to brush
I don't have time to apply all our
products I don't have time to do some
ethics or anything like I've been just
so fucking busy with school work at home
that I told you I belong here seriously
i started a new job and I've been taking
midterms and finals and shit like that
and so I just haven't had time so what I
figure is I'm gonna start waving for a
while what I'm going to do is I'm gonna
just grow my hair I'm not getting dreads
or net like that I'm gonna just grow it
into this big stupid ass afro until
their shoot this fall to the side but
I'm gonna take care of it at the same
time I mean like I have my methods are
no shit like that but if you have any
questions on it while in the progress of
the process my bed of doing it then cool
but yeah um I don't have ways little
more I'm missing though I don't want to
get rid because I don't have the
patience for it so I'm just figure that
i'ma grab my hair and it looks nasty
right now it's just like in the
beginning stages of dreams even those
not twisted or no shit like that like
you look like this right here
it looks like a pile of shit so yeah
that's what i've been doing this is my
last week in school after this I don't
know what I'm gonna do I mean I'm not
graduating oh shit like that so next
semester baby what yeah you know like
when I break answer like that Christmas
all that I'll probably make some more
family video this video right here is
going to go on both my chances going on
more ways then do and CCTVs its inform
everybody that I'm not waitin no more if
you have questions refer to CCTV sneak
pink just JP and KP waily I'll have
y'all pretty boys say they'll have you
out on the wave advice like I mean I can
answer some questions in jail break I'm
really not waiving any more as you can
see but yeah I probably seemed like more
fan video the Punjab always do but as
far as waving
I'm not doing that right now at this
point because I don't have time for it
yeah so if you see ways subscribe
comment rate seasick TV and they will
have you on the waves and it's include
as chicks on there like they all cool
you know so hitting them up and
subscribe rate comment all of their
videos of my previous video for now yeah
come on fuck this